We are following of the laws of the country of our residence.
We accept and respect all other people's identities, genders and boundaries, other people's choices and everyone's personalities.
We encourage freedom of expression and want everyone to be able to fulfill their fantasies.
We do our best to make our guests feel comfortable. For this purpose, as well as in the interests of safety, we ask you to comply with the rules of conduct at the party.
The party is a private event. Please remember that this is necessary in order to maintain the comfortable and friendly atmosphere that we value so highly.
By being on the party premises, you agree to our terms and conditions and accept the rules described below.

IN CASE OF ANY VIOLATION OF THE EVENT RULES ORGANISERS RESERVE THE RIGHT TO REMOVE YOU FROM THE PARTY AND BLACKLIST FOR FUTURE EVENTS
There is the certain amount of rules that we want you to follow to make a safe space for everyone who is attending our parties.

Active consent
What is active consent?
Active consent means affirmative, honest, conscious, voluntary, sober and ongoing agreement to participate in any sexual related activity. Each person involved is responsible for ensuring that there is active consent to engage in each act.

Active consent is NOT:
Silence
Lack of protest
Lack of resistance
Assumed to exist based on a past or current sexual, dating or marital relationship
No drugs
We won't just remove you from the party, we will remove you from the invite list for all of our events for life.
Thank you for understanding.

No alcohol and drugs
No we do not welcome states of intoxication that affect your level of adequate perception of reality.
Any master on the party can refuse to allow you to participate in his practice based on your condition as they are responsible for the safety.
We are leaving opportunity to remove you from the party if you bothering other guests.

Do not interrupt
Other people's performances, practices and interactions.
Do not talk loudly nearby, and do not touch the master or model under any circumstances.
There is no need to try to help someone on your own - call the grievers or one of the organizers if you think that something is going wrong.
You can express all questions and your admiration to the participants after the end of the performance or practice and the aftercare process.

Ask first
If you want it, ask if you have a desire to interact with someone at a party, you should not immediately realize your impulse.
You must first make sure that the participant is not against it and is ready for such interaction.
Please read careful rule about active consent!

Photography/Video
By default, you CANNOT take photographs of other people. Absolutely NOT possible. 
Even in the background. If you want to take photos, agree with them in advance and get their EXPLICIT consent.
Photographers of the event will be at the meeting; they can be identified by a special badge. 
Before publication, all photographs by such photographers will be necessarily moderated for the presence of persons in the frame who did not consent to being photographed, 
and retouched if such are found.

Respect
Do not touch other people’s devices, other people’s tools, other people’s ropes, or other people’s bottoms without permission.
Respect the venue where the event is being held.
